[Dart 3] Cross links between new pages (#4824)
dart-lang/site-www: src/language/branches.md

    executeNowClosed();   // Runs for both OPEN and PENDING.
}
```

> For more details, check out the patterns [section on switch][].

Reviewer: It might be helpful to add more information on what kind of details, otherwise I am not sure why I would click this link. Depending on what you are thinking, something like:

```suggestion
To learn more about patterns in case clauses, 
check out the patterns documentation on [Switch statements and expressions][].
```
